POCKETJS IPOD PHOTO - FOUR-STREAM MIXER BATCH, REVISION 7

Hardware-qualified on 2026-09-02 following passed streaming revision 2.
The procedure below is retained for reproducing that qualification.
Revision 6 played mixed sound, then MIX E53 (producer missed its deadline).
This revision uses the PP5020 80 MHz audio boost from our Rockbox reference,
with its PLL settling sequence corroborated against RetailOS. It restores
the inherited clock after the batch, cancel, or lifecycle stop. Clock register
readback is checked automatically. Strict output-underrun checks remain.
Use charged battery and wired headphones, not an amplifier or dock line-out.
Start with earpieces away from your ears. Volume remains fixed low in hardware;
the wheel controls the app, not headphone volume. Stop on loud/abnormal sound.

1. From THIS folder, with the iPod in disk mode at F:\, run:

   Set-ExecutionPolicy -Scope Process Bypass
   .\INSTALL.ps1

2. Safely eject, unplug USB, and boot. Hold Left+Right together for one second
   with other buttons released, then release both completely.

3. Let the approximately 16-20-second automatic batch finish. First expect:

   44K MONO -> 44K STER -> 22K MONO -> 22K STER -> 11K MONO -> 11K STER

   Each lasts about one second. All six have the same basic pitch. MONO
   sounds in both ears. STER sounds first in the left ear, then the right.
   Short silence between these checks is intentional. Record any first-tone
   crackle; it is still a known issue, not automatically a failed mixer gate.

4. The same batch continues automatically:

   MIX PRIME -> MIX FOUR -> MIX PAUSE -> MIX FOUR -> MIX GAP -> MIX FOUR -> MIX DRAIN
   -> MIX PASS

   No extra button is needed after 11K STER. MIX PRIME is a short preparation
   state and may flash briefly. MIX FOUR should then begin by itself.
   MIX FOUR combines lower and higher notes. MIX PAUSE is one second of
   silence. After resume, a lower note drops out of the mix and a higher
   note enters (the volume changes can lag the label by about 0.3 seconds).
   MIX GAP deliberately starves only one source: part of the sound drops
   out, but the OTHER notes must continue. Then the missing note returns.
   Move the wheel during MIX FOUR; the app/display should still respond.
   Do not press center or Play during playback; they retain other controls.

5. Repeat steps 2-4 twice more: require THREE consecutive full battery batches
   to reach MIX PASS. Move the wheel during MIX FOUR on each run. Then start
   again. While MIX FOUR is playing, release then hold Left+Right for
   one second: MIX STOP and silence. Release fully. Start once more; it
   should complete the whole batch to MIX PASS.

6. Start once more on battery and hold Menu+Right for two seconds during
   MIX FOUR. Audio and screen should stop. Release both and press one button
   to wake: RESUME and no automatic sound. Start again and reach MIX PASS.

7. Connect USB, wait for PWR USB, and run one full batch to MIX PASS. Use
   center for LCD WAKE, Play for SHDN READY, then Menu+Play for disk mode.
   Run .\RESTORE.ps1 and return the concise results below.

Stop on MIX E##, KERN E##, frozen display, unexpected reboot, or abnormal
noise. Return the exact label and last successful phase; do not keep retrying.
Recovery only: Menu+Select hard reset, Select+Play boot-ROM disk mode, then
this folder's RESTORE.ps1. Never write the firmware partition/OSOS.

MIX E02: format/capacity/stale-handle checks; E04: source write accounting;
E05: output DMA starvation; E06: source underrun count; E07: source retirement
or end count; E09: preserved pause queues; E13: native rate conversion;
E14: preparation exceeded two seconds; E15: format completion exceeded two seconds;
E21-E25 are DMA-driver faults; E31-E35 are mixer-accounting faults.
E51: output underrun with a refill gap of at least 300 ms;
E52: output underrun with a mixer block taking at least 23.22 ms.
E53: output underrun with total source-production plus mixing work for one
output block taking at least 23.22 ms, including work split across callbacks.
All are failures, not allowed gaps. Return the exact code if any appears.
E54: CPU boost admission/readback failed; E55: inherited clock restore failed.
