POCKETJS IPOD PHOTO - CAMPAIGN 3 POWER/LIFECYCLE

This is one install and one boot. It is a new candidate after the qualified
native-kernel handoff campaign. Do not use it for direct OSOS installation.

1. Before touching the iPod, run the dependency-free threshold cases:

   python .\power_cases.py

   The final line must say: cases=PASS count=6

2. Connect the restored iPod in disk mode. Confirm that it is F:\ and open
   PowerShell in this folder. Run:

   Set-ExecutionPolicy -Scope Process Bypass
   .\INSTALL.ps1

3. Safely eject, disconnect the cable, and boot. Record the initial line
   (PWR BAT, PWR USB, or PWR FIRE). Press center once and record LCD WAKE.
   Press Play once and record SHDN READY.

4. While running, connect USB and wait for the filtered PWR USB transition.
   The display must remain on for at least 15 seconds. If the unit was already
   asleep, insertion must wake it. Disconnect USB and, if available, connect
   FireWire and wait for PWR FIRE with the same display behavior. Do not
   interpret an unstable or missing source as a stable absence.

5. Disconnect every cable and wait for stable PWR BAT. Hold Menu+Right for two
   seconds. The screen and guest should suspend after
   DISK FLUSH; release both buttons, then press one button once to wake and
   record RESUME. RESUME is a latched last-event label and may remain visible.
   Then leave the device untouched for at least 15 seconds once and verify that
   automatic suspend also resumes cleanly. The threshold is 10 seconds after
   the last accepted activity. With USB connected, Menu+Right should instead
   show SUSP EXT and leave both the display and disk running.

6. With USB connected and a low battery, record CHG ONLY and verify that the
   charger remains conservative. This observation may be NOT AVAILABLE. Do
   not attempt shutdown yet.

7. Hold Menu+Left for two seconds to exercise safe restart. If the chord does
   not register, release both buttons fully before one retry. After every boot,
   press center once for LCD WAKE and Play once for SHDN READY before any
   terminal action; Play before LCD WAKE intentionally reports KERN E04.
   Repeat one warm restart and one cable-disconnected cold boot if stable.
   Do not use Menu+Select: it is the iPod's native hard-reset chord and cannot
   safely test software shutdown. Critical-battery shutdown is automatic and
   may be marked NOT AVAILABLE unless a controlled low-battery test is safe.

8. Boot once more, complete LCD WAKE and SHDN READY again, then hold Menu+Play
   for two seconds to enter disk mode. Wait for F:\ to mount and immediately
   run:

   .\RESTORE.ps1

9. Safely eject and confirm that the original Rockbox image boots normally.
   Stop on any KERN E##, false low-battery shutdown, disk click/activity after
   DISK OFF, reboot loop, lost display, or unexpected filesystem change. Use
   Select+Play only for recovery if automatic disk mode fails.

Return the lines and YES/NO fields in RESULTS.txt, including which cable
transitions were physically available and any unexpected behavior. Keep both
INSTALL-STATUS.json and RESTORE-STATUS.json with the campaign evidence.
